This week people are taking the lyrics of easy on your own and really holding space with that and feeling power in that.
The worst part of making music for homework is that I can’t listen to music while doing homework.
At night you roll up your jeans… and put on your velveteen 🙂‍↕️.
i need a loud incorrect buzzer react on twitter that makes the author's phone make the sound.
too much balatro shade on the tl....
guys I think i'm cooked.
Me when I move to greenpoint in ~2 years.
This perfect ass album.
No fucking way the rizzlers name is Christian Joseph.
I hate his smug ass looking at me like that.
They’re playing the my secret agent boyfriend song in Dunkin’ rn.
"Sweetest Kerina, give me a sign."
Britpop.
Oh hell yes.
happy birthday alvvays s/t.
Jo sheepnstufff.
I wish I could hang out for a living.
ben drowned.
Does it get easy on your own?.
Happy birthday Joni 🧡💛.
"Minors living in red states, this is your fault."
Blexas.
Busted stuff.
I love last fm but it pmo so bad that if an artist has multiple versions of a song all counted as the same.
Lowkey getting less sleep and smoking more weed has been working for me.
American Horror Story: Khia Asylum.
She’s from Buffalo!?!?.
Mj lenderman.
It’s #spudinfinitysunday.
it's #satellite saturday.
thinking about leaving work early....
This perfect ass album.
You dont like it… say it’s over… weekends alone… does it get easier on your own!!!!.
Meghan Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra.
Doctors office playing Brooklyn baby 🙂‍↕️.
We failed her.
This good ass song.
just learned dave matthews is really based.
the last one there is a potato knish.
Really weird bad cover of you will be found from dear Evan Hansen on at cvs.
Anora I need you to distract Kang.
It’s a little bit magic….
I wanna be the vapor gets you high….
Would you walk forever in the light… to never learn the secret of the quiet night….
Rewind featuring blade.
Kill the part of you that’s not true to the heart of you.
I heard she's a lesbian now and dating some chick called aubrey.
le wokisme.
Oh we have to kill this guy with a gun.
I can’t believe this clip is from ahs… Ryan Murphy can’t give up his glee roots.
My brother posted an instagram story with an Adrianne lenker song… is he gay?.
i hate scheduling i hate scheduling i hate scheduling i hate scheduling i hate scheduling.
Coward cutting… joker lips 🫦.
Mhm mhm let me not forget my big hat.
they dont tell you this but all movies and tv shows are free...
Nick Charlap has been on this game….
One of the simple pleasures of being a gay guy is commenting on my beautiful straight girl friends instagram.
The new sound could be aoty….
wait....
"p4k album snubs: jubilee (like cmon wtf), things take time take time, and bttigtp (also crazy)."
I was hating in the dare before yall even knew who he was….
This. I'm not a man I'm a dude.
once a perfect little baby... now a jerk.
this..
There’s an endless darkness…. and I’ve found a light… in losing.. my knife…...
Into a fine red mist.
Sorry.
who wants to see megalopolis in imax wednesday 9:15 amc kips bay.
Aubrey Plaza is Wow Platinum.
Is this real.
Me at Charlaps when someone orders a burgerdog.
cooking up the worst beats you've ever heard right now.
The Josh Allen ad better still be up when I’m home in a month.
ok??? women literally be shopping i dont know why there's an issue.
FALSE!.
Need to tailgate bad.
Happy birthday Fiona apple.
Boom 💥 or doom 💀.
i miss liz warren....
I’ll be by the batphone… if you need to get a hold.
Everything I tweet I would say out loud to another person.
Bald Ann dowd let’s work it out on the remix ❤️.
Has bald ann dowd… had work done??.
Would you walk forever in the light… to never learn the secret of the quiet night...
I got a beach house up in Buffalo… and a wristwatch that’s a compass and a cellphone.
Mj lenderman.
Citi bike membership has changed me….
NYC greatest city in the fucking world.
Just finished season 1 of the bear wow tv show so good.
i think i hauve covid.
You used to hawk me on my tuah phone.
Ha-Choo! Sneeze on that thang.
"Oh, Utica, no, it’s an Albany expression."
"Just listened to immunity, charm, short n sweet, schlagenheim, cold visions, and imaginal disk all back to back."
twin peaks for my floor theme..?.
this..
I have to go home and pack for college fuck my gay ass life.
I miss blaseball.
I’ve been on my phone way too much today idk what happened.
Buffalo mention on new MJ Lenderman album!!! 🤯🤯🤯.